# Medha Upadhyay (mupadhya@ucsd.edu) <br> 
Section A18: Blockchain with mentor Sheffield Nolan

**What is the most interesting topic covered in your domain this quarter?** <br> 
The most interesting topic covered in our domain this quarter has been smart contracts. Smart contracts allow code to be executed on the blockchain. <br> 
Smart contracts can be written in various languages. The most active and maintained languages are Solidity and Vyper. More experienced developers might use Yul, while Fe is a new smart contract language that is still under development. Solidity is a statically typed high-level language most profoundly influenced by C++. Vyper is a Pythonic programming language that has less features than Solidity but is very human readable and easy to debug. Fe is inspired by Python and Rust and was first released in 2021. <br>
Any contract data must be assigned to a location, either “storage” or “memory.” Storage is persistent data, and these values are stored permanently on the blockchain. Memory holds values just during a contract function’s execution; since these values are not stored on the blockchain, they are much cheaper to use. Functions can get information or set information in response to incoming transactions. <br>
Smart contracts also have to be tested because vulnerabilities in the code can lead to users losing large amounts of money. Smart contracts can be tested using automated testing or manual testing. Automated testing involves scripts that can run tests over and over with minimal human oversight. This makes it easy to run tests that are repetitive and time consuming or susceptible to human error. However, automated testing might miss some bugs, so it should be paired with manual testing. Manual testing involves an individual or group running test cases in a specified order. This is beneficial because the human tester can use their intuition to detect edge cases than an automated tool would miss. Testing can occur on local blockchain or testnet, depending on the specific scenario. <br>
